FQA update (#6506)
harness/developer-hub: kb/security-testing-orchestration/security-testing-orchestration-faqs.md

#### Why am I getting the error Missing target_name for scan_type [repository] scan.
This error ocurrs if there's no scan target in the Scanner configuration. To fix this, please ensure that the Scan Step configuration properly selects a target.

> #### I'm trying to create a dashboard to display the STO metrics of my project. But my Organization is not getting listed in the filter, hence I'm not able to get my project filtered as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### I'm trying to create a dashboard to display the STO metrics for my project. But, my Organization is not getting listed in the filter. Hence, I'm not able to get my project filtered as well.
```

> #### I'm trying to create a dashboard to display the STO metrics for my project. But, my Organization is not getting listed in the filter. Hence, I'm not able to get my project filtered as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### I'm trying to create a dashboard to display the STO metrics for my project. But, my organization is not getting listed in the filter. Hence, I'm not able to get my project filtered as well.
```

> The dashboard only populates projects that had a baseline scan run. You might want to add baseline to pipelines to display them in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard only populates projects that had a baseline scan run before. You might want to add baseline to pipelines to display them in the dashboard.
```

> The dashboard only populates projects that have had a baseline scan run. You will need to add baseline to pipelines which needs to be displayed in dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard only populates projects that had a baseline scan run. You might want to add baseline to pipelines to display them in the dashboard.
```
